Populate the template with initial content (#3)
unikernelalliance/unikernelalliance.github.io: README.md

The aim is to promote unikernel technologies in commercially viable products, in research and in education.

This repository stores information for the [Unikernel Alliance site](https://unikernelalliance.org).

> ### Build locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build locally
```

> #### Clone the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Clone the repo:
```

```
git clone https://github.com/unikernelalliance/unikernelalliance.org
```

> #### Fetch dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fetch dependencies:
```

```
cd unikernelalliance.org
npm install
```

> #### (a) Run locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (a) Run locally:
```

├── mask-icon.svg
├── privacy
│   └── index.html
├── projects
│   ├── bima
│   │   └── index.html
│   ├── flexos
│   │   └── index.html
│   ├── hermitux
│   │   └── index.html
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── index.xml
│   ├── loupe
│   │   └── index.html
│   ├── osv
│   │   └── index.html
│   ├── sitemap.xml
│   ├── unikraft
│   │   └── index.html
│   └── urunc
│       └── index.html
├── robots.txt
├── search-index.json
├── sitemap.xml
└── tags
    ├── index.html
    ├── index.xml
    └── page
        └── 1
            └── index.html

33 directories, 131 files
```

and the output something like the following:

```
$ npm run build

> unikernelalliance.org@0.0.0 build
> exec-bin node_modules/.bin/hugo/hugo --cleanDestinationDir --minify

Start building sites … 
hugo v0.119.0-b84644c008e0dc2c4b67bd69cccf87a41a03937e+extended linux/amd64 BuildDate=2023-09-24T15:20:17Z VendorInfo=gohugoio

                   | EN  
-------------------+-----
  Pages            | 37  
  Paginator pages  |  0  
  Non-page files   |  0  
  Static files     | 72  
  Processed images | 16  
  Aliases          |  5  
  Sitemaps         |  2  
  Cleaned          |  0  

Total in 1150 ms
```

> #### Auto-deploy on github pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auto-deploy on GitHub Pages
```

Author: TODO: capitalize github pages, will do that on the 2nd iteration of pushes.

> There's a deploy action through Github Actions in
> `.github/workflows/deploy-github.yml`. Essentially, this action builds the
> static website and adds the `public/` dir to a separate branch `gh-pages`.
> Enabling the `Pages` functionality of Github, allows the website to be deployed
> to `unikernelalliance.github.io` or to a custom domain we set from the
> `Settings`->`Pages`->`custom domain` option of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a deploy action through Github Actions in `.github/workflows/deploy-github.yml`.
Essentially, this action builds the static website and adds the `public/` dir to a separate branch `gh-pages`.
Enabling the `Pages` functionality of Github allows the website to be deployed to `unikernelalliance.github.io` or to a custom domain we set from the `Settings`->`Pages`->`custom domain` option of the repository.
```

Use one row per sentence.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Note**: The above was derived from: https://github.com/h-enk/doks-gh-pages, https://getdoks.org/docs/start-here/getting-started/ and we had to manually add `packages-lock.json` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The above was derived from: https://github.com/h-enk/doks-gh-pages, https://getdoks.org/docs/start-here/getting-started/.
We manually added `packages-lock.json`
```
